suppa gasps this is pj and the following
footage that you're about to watch it uh
it's going to be you know pretty much
all about hardcore Search and Destroy
and are pissing people off so yeah you
know we're gonna be having fun from now
on I'm gonna be playing on my def 4077
account because that's just you know
yeah well but yeah enjoy right off us
starting in the beginning of the first
round or ending of the first round
should I say they think that uh you did
that for fun but uh we can kill them
second round this time getting hostile
you know start getting pissed off so
what you want to do is um you talk trash
back to them you know just for shits and
giggles why not go to the store fuck you
then they talk a little gibberish I
don't know what the hell they're saying
they will keep a mother fucking son of a
bitch who died for the moment again you
do hope you like I pissed them off
fucking kick me off
what did I I know they want me to shut
my face shut you sleep alas but now lace
they want to fuck me in the ass don't
know why I'm gonna fuck your ass keep
talking I have no idea why they wanna
fuck me in the ass but uh um yeah I'll
just ignore that one I don't know what
to say and you want to make sure when
you go to a new game you want to make an
impact so make sure you kill every
single person on a damn team All Right
Watch says could go to destroy
what oh my god yes fucking idiot on the
team but it's not over here you go yeah
we got the ball